The Joe Rogan experience.
How long do you think until Trump comes on this podcast, he's not going to,
you're not going to.
Happen. Don't think so. I don't think so.
Even a couple months, maybe though.
Hmm. Y I, you know, he's, he's going to try to run again. I think. Yeah.
I think he's going to do that Patriot party thing.
That's what I think he's going to do something.
You're going to come up with some name for it,
but Patriot party seems right up his alley. Yeah.
Like that seems like the kind of party that a guy was a gold toilet would come
up with. That's the name I go to imagine he has a gold toilet.
He calls it the Patriot party. It's probably going to do a,
do his first press conference on American flag tie.
I'm going to do well if he does,
but I don't think it's going to go to as well as it did last time.
It would have done much better if it wasn't for the Capitol hill attack,
the Capitol hill attacks sunk his battleship.
I think that's a wrap. Yeah.
I think that's a wrap for him and his aspirations there.
First of all, they're never going to let that die.
They have this thing that he did that is this real, it's a real thing.
He really did say, we need to show strength March towards the Capitol.
He really did incite these people to do this.
And a lot of the people that did do it,
they're using him saying that as their legal defense,
the people that got arrested, they say Trump told us to.
It's, bro. And now he's immune to all these lawsuits.
I bet he's just going to have piles of work.
He's not immune to lawsuits. Yeah. Yeah. He's yeah. He's well,
he's also in trouble because whatever lawsuits he, like, he can never part,
he could have never pardoned himself from the lawsuits, from the state.
So the state, like all the criminal charges, the state was filing against him.
We're always going to be possible.
And New York state apparently is filing a bunch of against him.
They're not going to let them go, man. It's going to be rough. Right?
You want to be a rough time. Probably jail time.
I imagine he should have pardoned. Snowden should have pardoned, Snowden and.
Pardon? Julian Assange. They mean they're coming after him. Anyway.
He should have,
at least he would have got the support of a lot of people on the left.
At least he would have got the support of a lot of people that,
that could have at least acknowledged the positive things that he
did. Like the fact, oh yeah. The economy was kicking before COVID oh yeah.
Unemployment was down. Oh yeah. Deregulation does have some benefits, but yeah,
he did bad things. But, but, but this is, you know, this is real, but no,
one's even gonna talk about those things now. Like that's, you you'll,
you'll hear it from some Republicans. That'll bring up.
What about the good things that Trump did and they'll have like some Fox news
segments or the disgusting and you know,
OAN that network and Newsmax they'll, they'll try to beat it down.
But at the end of the day, that Capitol hill thing, that's, that's a wrap.
I'm surprised he didn't do tiger king man. Like, you know,
like that guy was trying so hard.
I think he said that Trump said that he thought Trump, well,
he thought the Trump felt like he was too gay to pardon
catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.